docs: DOC-2790 + DOC-2796: Release Notes + Known Issues (#10511)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

  and Palette VerteX. We recommend that customers deploy their workloads to
  [EKS clusters](../clusters/public-cloud/aws/eks.md) instead.

#### Bug Fixes

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PEM-10824 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused strict YAML validators and GitOps tools to reject
  [self-hosted Palette](../enterprise-version/enterprise-version.md) deployment templates due to a duplicate
  `securityContext` configuration block in the Helm chart.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCP-6583 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused scheduled [OS patching](../clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md) to run only once
  instead of on the configured recurring schedule.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PEM-10718 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused the **Clusters** page to hang indefinitely when accessed by users with a

>   [custom tenant role](../user-management/palette-rbac/create-custom-role.md) that did not include virtual cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [custom tenant role](../user-management/palette-rbac/create-custom-role.md) that lacked virtual cluster
```

  permissions.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PEM-10636 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused multi-line formatting in
  [cluster profile](../profiles/cluster-profiles/cluster-profiles.md) and cluster description fields to be lost after
  saving.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCP-6498 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused changes to additional security groups on
  [AWS IaaS](../clusters/public-cloud/aws/create-cluster.md) node pools to be silently ignored when replacing one
  security group with another without changing the total count.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PEM-10599 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused intermittent `no subscriber found` errors when performing
  [MAAS cloud account](../clusters/data-center/maas/register-manage-maas-cloud-accounts.md) operations through a

>   [Private Cloud Gateway](../clusters/pcg/pcg.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Private Cloud Gateway (PCG)](../clusters/pcg/pcg.md).
```

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PEM-10547 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused the **Cluster Settings** > **Cluster Configuration** page to display a generic error when

>   attempting to display SSH key names for users whose role did not include the permission `sshKey.list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  attempting to show SSH key names for users whose role lacked the permission `sshKey.list`.
```

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCP-6452 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused [MAAS cluster](../clusters/data-center/maas/create-manage-maas-clusters.md) node pools
  configured with multiple placement tags to match machines using only the last tag instead of all specified tags.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PEM-10527 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused [EKS cluster](../clusters/public-cloud/aws/eks.md) add-on pack statuses to appear as not

>   ready in the Palette UI, even though the packs were deployed successfully and the cluster was running.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the status be bold and capitalized?

Author: I wasn't sure how to explain this one properly. When packs aren't ready, they have a gray circle instead of a green circle--there's no explicit UI text.

>   ready in the Palette UI, even though the packs were deployed successfully and the cluster was running.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused [EKS cluster](../clusters/public-cloud/aws/eks.md) add-on packs to appear as not
  ready in the Palette UI, even though the packs were deployed successfully and the cluster was running.
```

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCP-5840 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused
  [add-on Helm charts](../profiles/cluster-profiles/create-cluster-profiles/create-addon-profile/create-helm-addon.md)
  that entered an `uninstalling` state to remain stuck indefinitely, preventing the pack from being redeployed.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCP-6478 -->

- Fixed an issue that caused [virtual clusters](../clusters/palette-virtual-clusters/palette-virtual-clusters.md)

>   deployed on EKS 1.34 and 1.35 host clusters to fail or have add-on packs permanently stuck in a not ready state.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the status be bold and capitalized?

Author: Same gray circle issue >.> Ideas welcome <3

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PE-7637 -->

- Network Time Protocol (NTP) values can now be configured per Edge host via

>   [user-data](../clusters/edge/edge-configuration/installer-reference.md) using `stylus.site.ntpServers`, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [user data](../clusters/edge/edge-configuration/installer-reference.md) using `stylus.site.ntpServers`, the
```
We only write `user-data` when we mean the file name. We should use monospace in this case. If we mean the entity, we shouldn't use dash.
